  KOL discussion with Dr. Anton Porsteinsson to discuss his thoughts on recent developments and outlook of the Alzheimer's disease landscape. This Session will address:

Commercial update of BIIB's LeqembiHow are emerging depression treatments differentiated from one another?
Upcoming TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 data readout for LLY's donanemab
Future clinical programs and other mechanism-of-action approaches to watch
 

Full Event Details are Below. 

 

Please join us at the 2nd Annual Needham Virtual Neuroscience Forum, on March 15, 2023.

 

Attending Public Companies: AVXL, ABOS, ATHA, AXSM, DNLI, HRMY, OVID, PRAX, RXRX, STOK, IMPL

 

Link to register

 

2nd Annual Needham Virtual Neuroscience Forum
March 15, 2023

Company Name

Ticker

Category

Market Cap (M)

Management Attendees

Company Description

Denali

DNLI

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$4,257.80

Joe Lewcock, CSO; Laura Hansen, IR

A biopharmaceutical company developing a broad portfolio of product candidates engineered to cross the blood-brain barrier for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases and lysosomal storage diseases.

Harmony Bioscience

HRMY

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$2,939.20

Jeffrey Dayno, Interim CEO and CMO

A pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative therapies for patients with rare neurological diseases.

Axsome Therapeutics

AXSM

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$2,842.20

Herriot Tabuteau, CEO; Mark Jacobson,  COO

A biopharmaceutical company developing and delivering novel therapies for the management of central nervous system (CNS) disorders.

Recursion

RXRX

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$1,725.00

Chris Gibson, CEO; Michael  Secora, CFO

The clinical-stage biotechnology company industrializing drug discovery by decoding biology.

Anavex

AVXL

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$866.90

 

A clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing differentiated therapeutics for the treatment of neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental disorders including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, Rett syndrome and other central nervous system (CNS) diseases.

Stoke Therapeutics

STOK

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$356.80

Edward Kaye, CEO; Barry  Ticho,  CMO

A biotechnology company dedicated to addressing the underlying cause of severe diseases by upregulating protein expression with RNA-based medicines.

Acumen  Pharmaceuticals

ABOS

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$225.50

Dan O'Connell, CEO; Matt Zuga,  CFO; Eric Siemers

A clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel targeted therapeutics for Alzheimer’s disease (AD)

Praxis Precision Medicines

PRAX

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$213.40

Marcio Souza, President & CEO

A clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating genetic insights into the development of therapies for central nervous system (CNS) disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance.

Ovid

OVID

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$168.40

Jeff Rona, CFO; Manoj Malhotra, CMO; Jeremy Levin, CEO

A biopharmaceutical company committed to developing medicines that transform the lives of people affected by epilepsies and rare neurological disorders.

Athira

ATHA

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$138.50

Mark Litton, Ph.D,  CEO; Rachel Lenington, COO; Kevin Church, Ph.D, VP of Research; Julie Rathburn, IR

A late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing small molecules to restore neuronal health and slow neurodegeneration.

Impel

IMPL

Healthcare - Neuroscience

$59.60

John Leaman, CFO

 

 

 



